No storage class is available (#259)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: web-console/knikubevirt/NoStorageClassAvailable/NoStorageClassAvailable.md

During the process of creating the VM, in the Storage step, the user adds a disk.

![Add disk action](img/Add-disk-default.png)

Clicking the ‘Add disk’ button will open a modal, where the user is asked to fill in the disk’s details.

![Fill in disk details](img/Add-disk-modal-details-required.png)

Clicking the ‘Add disk’ button at the bottom will add the disk to the list view, but the Storage class will be shown in the disks table as ‘Non available’.

![Empty Storage class popover](img/Disks-list.png)

Clicking on the ‘non available’ Storage class will show a popover that explains to the users they need to create a storage class and mark it as the default one in order to create the disk and start the VM.
The popover will have an action link which will take the user to the ‘Create Storage class’ modal.

In the VM list view, the status of the VM would still be pending untill the user would create a storage class and mark it as default.

Clicking on the ‘pending’ status of the VM will show a popover with more info and an action link which will direct the user to the storage class section of the ui and allow them to create a new one there.

> ![vmlist with popover](img/vmlist.png)

Reviewer: I think it could be helpful to add some specifics to this description:
`This virtual machine requires a default storage class to run`
`Create default storage class`
@jelkosz is it possible to send them to the SC form and have it marked as the default?

'Create Storage class’ section

> ![Create storage class section](img/create-sc-page.png)

Reviewer: I don't think we'd want to indicate the default SC by it's name alone. Could we add a checkbox with "set as default" instead?

# Storage class isn’t defined

> Currently in our designs we have a default storage class used when a disk is added in the Create VM flow, but we do not cover the absence of a default storage class.

Reviewer: We can probably remove this line, or just use it in the description of the PR

This design covers the state of no storage class selected and determines how the user should be notified.

> During the process of creating the VM, in the Storage step, the user needs to add a disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the process of creating the VM, in the Storage step, the user to add a disk.
```

![Add disk action](img/Add-disk-default.png)

Clicking the ‘Add disk’ button will open a modal, where the user is asked to fill in the disk’s details.

> We want to allow the user to set the Storage class within the wizard, with no need to be taken out of it.

Reviewer: We should remove this line now that we can't let them create a SC in the flow.

Reviewer 2: Curious to hear more about the spacing between the Disks table and Boot source. Is there a reason we have spread them far apart on the screen?

Author: Hi, are there specific guidelines for this kind of spacing? Thanks.

Reviewer 2: We have some general spacing guidelines - have you seen these yet? https://www.patternfly.org/v4/design-guidelines/styles/spacers I will also look into if there are spacers documented for forms.

Author: Thanks, I updated the files with 48px spacing.

![Fill in disk details](img/Add-disk-modal-details-required.png)

Clicking the ‘Add disk’ button at the bottom will add the disk to the list view, but the Storage class will be shown in the disks table as ‘Non available’.

> ![Empty Storage class popover](img/Disks-list.png)

Reviewer: nit-pic but we should remove the other `disk1` here, it's a repeat and it shows a default storage class.

Clicking on the ‘non available’ Storage class will show a popover with more info and an action link which will take the user to the ‘Create Storage class’ modal.

> 

Reviewer: This popover text should clarify that they need to create a storage class and mark it as the default one.
Once they've created the default storage class CDI will grab it and use it to create the Disk. Should we should that flow just to be clear? WDYT?

In the VM list view, the status of the VM would still be pending untill the user would create a storage class and mark it as default.

Clicking on the ‘pending’ status of the VM will show a popover with more info and an action link which will take the user to the ‘Create Storage class’ modal.

![vmlist with popover](img/vmlist.png)

'Create Storage class’ modal

> ![Create storage class modal](img/Create-storage-class-modal.png)

Reviewer: Wouldn't we be able to do this via a modal or do we have to send them to the storage class page and have them do it via the in page form? http://openshift.github.io/openshift-origin-design/web-console/4.0-designs/storage/storage
Also, I don't see a method to mark a storage class as default in the UI, @jelkosz can we add that? What happens if you mark one as default and then mark another as default? Can we remove it from the first?
This might be outside of the scope of this PR :)

Author: tjelinek@redhat.com Would it be "too much" to ask to develop the modal when we already have the in page form? I think the advantage of keeping the modal is that the user wouldn't feel detached from the environment they already are, while if we send them to create the SC via the in-page form, they might feel they are a bit 'lost'.

Reviewer: @yfrimanm I spoke to @jelkosz about this. He suggested we direct the user to the storage class section of the ui and allow them to create a new one there. I think that makes sense. We don't want to rebuild something like this flow for an edge case and I think it's acceptable for the user to go to the SC section to create a new one. I've seen that there is a PR up for the default storage class work too so that will tie in nicely with what you've done here. #271

# Storage class isn’t defined

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-origin-design/issues/249

> https://jira.coreos.com/browse/CNV-2842

Reviewer: I'd pull these links out of here and add them to the description. (prob drop the jira one altogether)

Currently in our designs we have a default storage class used when a disk is added in the Create VM flow, but we do not cover the absence of a default storage class.

> This PR should cover the state of no storage class selected and determine if/how the user should be notified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This design covers the state of no storage class selected and determines how the user should be notified.
```

![Add disk action](img/Add-disk-default.png)

Clicking the ‘Add disk’ button will open a modal, where the user is asked to fill in the disk’s details.
Since the Storage class isn’t available, and also no PVC that matches their requirements, the user will be notified with a red note below the Storage class dropdown that no storage class is available and they need to create one.

We want to allow the user to set the Storage class within the wizard, with no need to be taken out of it.

> ![Fill in disk details](img/Add-disk-modal-details-required.png)

Author: Thanks @beanh66, @matthewcarleton this makes sense to me as well so I removed the error here.

We want to allow the user to set the Storage class within the wizard, with no need to be taken out of it.

![Fill in disk details](img/Add-disk-modal-details-required.png)

> ![Add disk modal with create storage class](img/Add-disk-modal-with-create-sc.png)

Reviewer: For the storage class dropdown it shouldn't be disabled (grey) and the placeholder text should be "Select storage class" this is inline with the rest of the wizard.

Clicking the ‘Create Storage class and add disk’ button at the bottom will add the disk to the list view.
In cases when the user didn’t define any Storage class, the Storage class will be shown in the table view as ‘Pending’ with a warning icon.
Clicking on the ‘Pending’ Storage class will show a popover with more info and an action link which will take the user to the ‘Create Storage class’ modal.

> ![Pending popover](img/Popover.png)

Reviewer: I don't believe we would see this "Pending" state in the storage table. It would show in the VM list after the VM has been created.

'Create Storage class’ modal

> ![Create storage class modal](img/Create-storage-class-modal.png)

Author: +1 @beanh66 This was left from the older form and I agree that for the sake of keeping the user within the wizard we can remove it.

![Create storage class modal](img/Create-storage-class-modal.png)

Once the user creates the Storage class, it will be reflected in the list view and will no longer show pending status and warning icon.

> UC

Reviewer: Dumb question but what does `UC` mean?

> ![vmlist with popover](img/vmlist.png)

Author: @beanh66 I don't think the user should see this as a warning or something he needs to address, but more of just letting him know the current status of the VM. 
Maybe tjelinek@redhat.com can elaborate?
